one up 40 well you know what we still
have another day with temperatures into
the eighties so how about that but then
we do have some changes in store for the
rest of the workweek and we do have some
winds to talk
week but for now we've got Pleasant
weather highs into the 80s
chilly temperatures at night however so
don't let it fool you at night when
those temperatures drop because by the
afternoon hours we're gonna be back into
the 80s for tomorrow and then we do have
some windy cooler weather in the
forecast come in the middle to the end
of the workweek but check out these
temperatures 70s from the coast further
inland at this hour I will have more on
that and we'll look ahead into the
changes come later on this workweek
coming up Paul and Pat back to you
alright perhaps a lifetime fast I was
going to say there's too much to be said
about that some people's lives much more
exciting than mine yeah exactly
mine too that's for sure nice weekend
though huh beautiful weekend here and
the nice weather is going to continue
you've got to you it won't be
Thanksgiving unless you overeat yeah
like that I kind of felt I had to do
that well if I was eating your food I
would definitely be overeating all right
well happy Monday hopefully everyone had
a great Thanksgiving it over ate and now
it's starting to get back into the
routine of things we had some nice
weather so good weather to get out there
and kick start your workout yeah see
that gorgeous you can see some clouds
out there in the distance oh we do have
high clouds in place right now and it's
gonna be one of those unusual days
tomorrow once again where we've got the
clouds in place but then we've got the
temperatures back into the eighties
usually when we have above average
temperatures we've got nice sunny skies
but we are going to have these high
clouds in place again for tomorrow today
we made it to 81 degrees downtown normal
high is 70 so temperatures running about
10 degrees above average that's going to
be the case again for tomorrow in fact
temperatures still into the low 70s from
downtown to Riverside 60s from Temecula
to Laguna and Malibu checking in right
around 63 degrees the winds are nice and
light enjoy these quiet calm conditions
for now because
the winds will start to pick up come the
middle of the week and that's when the
weather will really start to change in
fact right now we do have those clouds
starting to push them a little bit of
moisture to our north showing up on
Doppler radar coming in right around the
Santa Barbara area just some light
showers if any but we've had this ridge
of high pressure in place and that's
gonna stay in place for tomorrow keeping
our weather on the pleasant side but
since we're shifting more to the onshore
flow with that it is going to do is pull
in some of these high clouds few storm
systems to our north will start to pass
into our area come this later on this
workweek and when that happens the winds
will pick up and those temperatures will
start to drop in fact come around
Thursday of this week we've got some
very strong winds in the forecast and
northeasterly winds a small craft
advisory in effect for tomorrow variable
winds will be at 10 knots
surf 2 to 4 feet and swells coming in
out of the West right around 3 to 5 feet
let's check into that 5 day forecast and
you can see for tomorrow again just a
lovely day with highs into the 80s from
the LA basin to the valleys into the mid
80s beaches coming in right around 75
degrees but again we will have the
clouds in place throughout much of your
Tuesday
Wednesday will clear it out but
temperatures will start to drop with
that storm system moving in right now it
looks like it's gonna be a fairly dry
one which you will notice with it with
this trough of low pressure pushing in
is temperatures will drop back down into
the 60s by Thursday and that's when the
winds will start to pick up but looking
nice but mild as we head into the end of
the week into the weekend Paul and Pat
back to you